well it is the end of the first day of
semifinals and I'm joined by someone who
was not playing on stage today effect
hasn't played in a while it's Benny also
known as psycho Sid do you remember when
you were psycho SID
I was pretty cycle those days so my
memory kind of fades I don't know if you
were ever psycho that's what you think
okay well either way so for those of you
that don't know or for those of the
people that don't know that are watching
who are you right now I'm just a
washed-up X Pro player that was I guess
latest exposure and a social media was
through the xyg rise and fall which yeah
I guess to sum it up like that guy did a
pretty good job about it yeah and when
was the last time you played League I
mean 14
oh you mean professionally shoot i
subbed for CLG for like one weekend that
darshan had like you know he was poached
those kind of a that scandal yeah
probably 2014 I'm pretty old so okay for
those that haven't been to you remember
you what have you been doing in the past
couple of years I have been working for
over a year or so now as a web dev in
San Francisco
cuz you went back to school went back to
school briefly dropped out again you
know school can't contain me and I ended
up just attending one of the coding boot
camp school I did have some coding
experience before so yeah it kind of
helped out it worked out and yeah like
my life right now okay do you like your
compared your life now to back when you
were a pro player what are the
differences and also do you appreciate
this way more I'll see your kind of
escaping the camera I got to get you
back in yeah yeah yeah you like being
really close and personal with me I
guess for pro play it was more like a
roller coaster like you know like rise
and fall right the beginning I was like
okay this is cool and then the next
season when we actually went to Worlds I
was like pretty fun and then like the
next season was just like no
offense to like anyone else what are the
team
it was just a bad experience and right
now I feel like I like it more because
I'm actually working less like pro
players are putting a lot of work
whether it's like scram hours actually
work hours but all your soul acute games
are also work hours and it took away the
fun of the game so now I still play like
a little casually
yeah just like ranked yeah okay well
rank are you I mean that's still pretty
good for someone who doesn't compete
anymore that's still not bad yeah yeah I
guess thank you I appreciate that
all right so do you ever okay I know you
say these guys work a lot but are there
ever moments where you're talking some
of the other guys and they're like dude
I just sign this big deal with this team
it's gonna be this much money or you see
like how much the scene has evolved or
anything do you ever have flashbacks for
like I wish I was playing or you're just
like oh man so glad I don't have to deal
with any of that crap I mean a lot of
the drama that comes up in the scene I
find like hilarious I can't think of
anything right now but as opposed to
like getting paid definitely wish like I
paid or I was playing like now or I was
a few younger yeah cuz players are
spoiled a lot more than they were back
in my days it was like well we have a
house that's exciting and what an
exciting situation you know it's like we
need a plane yeah it was definitely
great like having your only like
expenses be money cuz players don't
really care about food plus you get our
clothing plus uh you get like free swag
I guess the coolest thing we had was
like a ton of nos cans that we got
sponsor back then by like I'd rather
take like a lot some more tens and
thousands of dollars and buy my own nose
I interviewed at Chester I don't know it
was probably almost two years ago
and we kind of had this funny thing
where he was talking about being an
accountant and I asked him if there's
ever a moment where he's just sitting at
his desk doing his work and he looks
over and there's just a picture of him
on stage that he was like framed on his
desk and the crowd like he hears it in
his in his head and he starts kind of
thinking back to the days do you ever
have those moments where you think back
to all that not usually I guess the only
thing that really sparked it was like
the rise and fall
Oh like my glory days and my not so
glorious days like the rise and then
you're like can I just turn this video
off now like this is really good yeah
just cut the video especially like after
they started talking about all the drama
at the latter split that we had yeah
that's a lot of haunting memories do you
keep in touch with any of the old
current or old pro players yeah I feel
like one of my best friends from his
cruiser still even though like he's like
completely out of the scene like I still
talk to him a lot
and then there's Austin with Linc and
Jake who's maybe for those who don't
know and I do send gene the occasional
snapchats
okay very nice the occasional snapshots
so overall life's good for you life
after pro is good yeah it's great I'm
actually a father ever when your dog
okay well for a second there I was like
what okay yeah the dog yeah like what
what happened with players retired they
is find another meeting life am I just
being a father did you ever consider cuz
a lot of people say like oh what can you
do after what do you pro players do
after and some become coaches some work
at riot some go do like consulting stuff
or end up by Facebook what do you like
did you ever consider doing something
that was still kind of within the
esports or gaming space yeah like
immediately after retiring I like had
some offers for like partnership
positions like whether it be at twitch
or at Riot
maybe one day I'll move back down to LA
and if I do then one of my first
companies I'll be on my list would be
Riot so maybe that might be in the
future but aside from that like it's
nice knowing what else is in the world
aside from eSports because we are in
like a bubble although it's like slowly
assimilating into like real life but
yeah I mean it yeah it probably would
come within the future very good well
anything that you want to say to you any
other Benny fans out there or even even
some of the psycho Sid fans out there
just remember the days of cycles it and
not as Benny when you think of my Play
and I guess yeah shoutouts to the
people's guests still remember me and
then the IMT fans because that that's my
team right now because I follow wherever
Jake goes and speaking of Jake shadow
family too because like we were sitting
next to from the audience and like the
ground was shaking is because his dad's
at the edge of the seat like you know
just shaking his leg constantly they're
yelling clapping it's pretty high like
the reason my voice is like this isn't
cuz I was like this actually it was just
recovering from a sickness I'm good it's
just yeah it's pretty good I'm okay now
very good well thank you so much for the
interview super good to see you again
hopefully you move back to LA soon it is
way better weather weight cheaper and a
lot more fun you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things eSports
including washed-up pro players here on
my youtube channel hey everyone I'm very
excited about playoffs and world's
coming up but guess what travel is very
expensive so if you enjoy my interviews
and you feel like it you can go help me
out over at Travis CARICOM slash support